hey guys so today I'm doing this hair
tutorial for you it is a curled look
with a beanie and this is a really cute
look for the holidays and I'm just
actually about to go run out and do some
errands so this is the way I'm going out
it's really quick and super simple and
this was specifically I'm requested by
um sassy Rick 3 or SAS I are I x3 so I
took this little super cute idea for the
holidays and quick and easy like I said
other tutorial requests for hair and
curling would buy in squirrels and glory
crystal Brett call me Sharky Ali bean
sx-f cutie 09 XO sunkissed xbabe and so
Peter XO thank you so much for all your
requests and I really hope you guys
enjoy this tutorial it's super easy all
you need is a curling iron any size will
do I think this is a one inch I believe
or something like that and it's connor
some heat protectant spray and i'm using
my Tresemme and some hairspray and i'm
also using my Tresemme and this is the
trust too so keep on watching if you
want to see how this because i'm going
to start this hair tutorial I just have
my hair exactly how it is all I've done
is brushed it today and now i'm going to
start off to make this look WAY faster
and easier you're going to take your
beanie or your hat and you're going to
put that on first so i'm going to brush
my bangs forward and kind of sweep them
like that so they're kind of showing
underneath i'm going to take my beanie
and put it on no
shape your hair how you want it
okay and then you're going to part your
hair to the Huff like on both sides let
me fix this okay okay so now you have
these two sections of your hair and
offshore you have your beanie step on
your head while you want it you can mess
with it more I'm just playing with it
okay so now what you're going to do is
take your heat protectant spray and just
going to spritz this hair that is down
okay
and then you're just simply going to
start grabbing random strands of hair
with your curling iron you've already
got that heated up and we're going to
curl away from your face so starting on
the side I'm going to have the clamp
closest to my face and then just curl
away and the curling technique that I
use because my hair does not curl well
is starting at the root and then curling
down like that careful not to get your
curling iron on your beanie okay and
then you're just going to continue to do
that and it's going to take not as long
as it normally would to curl your hair
because you've got half of it cover it
up with your beanie so as you can see I
just start closest to the root I hold it
for a little bit and then I relief and
twist back up and for some reason my
hair just holds crow better like this I
don't even know why exactly what what it
is that makes it work better but and
then relief so I think you get the gist
of it so i will show you when i get to
the studies i finished just half of my
hair i'm just gonna take my hairspray
and i'm using the Tresemme mmm trip I
traits to trust to try to and I'm just
going to spray that up okay and then I'm
going to start on this tip next side I
would love to see right there and some
of the hair might just like comic kind
of come out of your beanie a little bit
but you can just play with it after
you're done curling and put it back in
the beanie how you want it styled so
i'll show you how to do that as well
ok ok so i completed curling that side
and again i'm going to spray this site
as well just like that and now we'll get
completed so you're ready to go out and
have a good holiday so take a later
thanks for watching